Advanced graph filter (#377)
hexatomic/hexatomic: docs/user/src/usage/graph-editor/README.md

You can select more than one segment to display, by holding the <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> key while clicking on additional segments.
You can also show a whole range of segments by holding the <kbd>Shift</kbd> key and clicking on the last segment of the range you want to select.

To access additional filter options, click and expand a relevant category in the **Filter View** section.

You can choose to display spans and their annotations in the graph, by first expanding **Annotation Types** and the checking the checkbox **Spans**. 
Spans are special nodes to collect a number of tokens and to annotate them all at once.
If you want to learn more about spans, please read the [Salt documentation](http://corpus-tools.org/salt/#documentation).
Similarly, you can show or hide pointing relations between nodes in the graph by using the checkbox **Pointing Relations**.

> **Node Annotations** allow you to filter the segments that include annotations of a specific *name*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Node Annotations** allows you to filter the segments that include annotations of a specific *name*.
```

"Node Annotations" in this case doesn't refer to the annotations themselves, but to the (one) "section" (or whatever you want to call it) in the sidebar.

> Search for an annotation name in the text field, select the matching annotation, and a facet filter will be added.

Reviewer: I'd make this active voice for readability ("You can add a facet filter by ...").
Also, I'm not sure that "facet filter" is a good expression to use here. It is correct, but too technical. Would be better to explain what the filter actually does (perhaps just move the bit from the next sentence up here, or introduce "facet" in the previous sentence?).

Author: Adjusted in c87f8189

You can add more than one filter and any node, that contains any of the selected annotation names, will be shown.

> Click on the cross marking to delete the annotation name filter again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click on the close button to delete the annotation name filter again.
```
Wording usually used in the UX literature.
